hey guys alright so I'm back again it's
not the cat talking it's me but I
figured I'd give you something to look
at
so today's fifty December and I got and
I pirate Playmobil Advent Calendar from
My Father which is really awesome I
gotta tell you and it is the fifth so
I'm five days behind my sister put this
together
Christa and she got one as well that I
put together for her which is like a
princess
Ivan calendar anyway I thought it would
be fun to open this with you guys cuz I
don't know I'm excited and oh it's also
it's 5th December like I said which is
my sister agents birthday ok so we're
gonna open the day one which is palm
trees which I think I'm going to have to
assemble oh it's a palm tree
ok was some of that later but that's
that's the first day excellent ok we got
here alright this is apparently
dangerous ok cuz nothing says pirates
like monkeys excellent monkey and Oh
baby monkey
fantastic great date three more assembly
required
oh it's a beer keg or a grog cake I
don't really know me good keg excellent
stay for stands here
okay Dave five today we're up to speed
like this and shovel Max and there's
something else in here get it what is
it's a spear thing's sweet
okay and then I'm gonna arrange them on
this thing so that's gonna be exciting
there you go that's Sam
I'm totally gonna make a video with
tomorrow with day six and all my
Playmobil goodies admit it you guys are
totally jealous of me right now
oh yeah